you are watching Caillou captured near
the Laotian village joy in late car shot
limestone across looking over again then
you make him move again you can wait a
little bit if you want
that'd be fine there we go that's best
picture we've had today this is my tip
dum dum dum Galla step on it come on
mmm
have you noticed the way he walks with
the hind legs totally different than a
squirrel it has been a privilege to hold
and observe this wild docile animal when
the time has now come to release her
back to her home now now we're going to
do sheer fright it's better not doesn't
look like it's a jumper move him to this
area set it up move it over there what
it is anyway I'm going top off a
climbing down bow jumped and so cry new
returns to her natural environment we've
enjoyed seeing her and we wish her well